---
layout: post
title: "Fandom Art Fiesta"
date: 2025-09-08 12:00:00 +0000
categories: [blog]
tags: [event, boothing]
author: Laksayo
image: "/assets/images/my-first-post-image.jpg" # Optional, for a featured image
excerpt: "This is a brief introduction to my first blog post. Here I talk about my journey and the purpose of this blog."
---

# Fandom Art Fiesta 2025

I had heard positive feedback about past events held at Taste Orchard, so I decided to take part this time together with Harumoon and Ponponponka. It started like a joke but we went ahead with 3 pimples... — Please look at our 3 pimples origin story in the image below.

I was looking forward to the start of the 3 pimples saga. Somehow we ended up signing up for 3 events in a row and this event was the first time 3 pimples will truly begin. As this was a change from the usual amount of table space I have at cons, I had prepared for it and did a few mock set ups beforehand to make the best use of space.

I arrived at the venue at 10 AM to begin setting up, and the rest of the team joined shortly after. While we anticipated a slower-paced event, it turned out to be much quieter than expected.

One of the biggest challenges we encountered was the poor lighting at our booth. A partition wall had been installed directly in front of our space, significantly blocking the natural light and making our booth noticeably darker than others. We believed this lack of visibility contributed to the low engagement and poor sales on the first day.

Determined to improve the situation, I returned the next day with my full arsenal of lighting equipment. After cycling through three different lights, I was just barely able to keep the booth adequately illuminated for the day. Convinced that the lighting was a major factor, we even found ourselves scrolling Shopee between conversations, searching for better lighting solutions for future events.

Eventually, with foot traffic still low and not much activity at the booth, I gave up on staying behind the table. Instead, I spent the rest of the day sitting at a nearby corner with visiting friends, chatting and making the most of the downtime.

Despite the event falling short in terms of sales — and not being able to recover even my share of the table cost — it offered valuable time with friends, a chance to observe event dynamics more closely, and a few lessons for the future.
